[Music]
welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the SteelSeries call of duty black ops 2
Gaming Mouse now Black Ops 2 might have
been a bit of a how you say less than
successful game launch considering you
know the black ops are the Call of Duty
lineage of it however there's nothing
you know not awesome about this Mouse so
we're also gonna have a look at the call
of duty black ops 2 mousepad which is
basically one of their qcks my mouse
pads with black ops branding on it so
we'll start with that guy you can
actually see already even though I
haven't unboxed it yet what it's going
to look like because this is a steel
series qck Diablo 3 branded mousepad so
it'll be like that except with a
different picture on it a very different
picture on it a black ops 2 picture on
it so it comes in a package that might
lead you to believe that it's a hard
mousepad but it actually isn't it is a
cloth mousepad on a hard backing there
we go
it is as I said before pretty much the
same as the other one so we can go ahead
and we can add to my stack of qcks that
I have going on here Denton black ops 2
qck looks pretty good right comes with a
little steel series brochure about some
of their other cool products including
mice keyboards headsets all kinds of
great stuff SteelSeries sticker and that
pretty much does it for that now this
almost looks perfect
but if we move the SteelSeries sensei
that I use for my test bench then we can
see what it looks like with the proper
call of duty black ops 2 mess so let's
have a look at what they have to say for
themselves arm yourself with a weapon
design firm hours of Planets to me to
the black ops 2 Edition Mouse ok and
being extra shape optimized for all
types of gamer grips palm claw and swipe
gaming grade switches have a lifespan of
10 million clicks which is an awful lot
of clicks although if you're some of
those you know I don't know if you're
Korean or something then you may
actually need more clicks than that and
the lifespan of a mouse because of you
know actions per minute and whatnot you
know what that would be a great
calculation I would love for someone to
run these numbers because it would be
hilarious so take the
actions per minute of one of the top
sort of you know Starcraft 2 players and
then figure out how long it would take
them if they were playing constantly to
actually use the left click ten million
times it'd be just kind of hilarious
let's find out what it would take to
actually kill the switches on this mouse
to the point where they they cannot
operate anymore so there we go that's
what the mouse looks like I'm gonna go
ahead and pull that out of there let's
go ahead and see what else SteelSeries
has to say for themselves
programmable illumination options for
the scroll wheel back and CPI toggle
eight organically placed buttons seven
programmable buttons supported by steel
series engine technology offering
operation configuration customization of
advanced macros across steel series
peripherals so the counts the frames per
second is twelve thousand the count
sprint is 92 five thousand six hundred
and seventy as as many as you'll need
remember guys steel series uses counts
per inch because they find it actually
gives a more accurate representation of
how the mouse performs compared to dpi
which is dots per inch
one hundred and fifty inches per second
is the the resolution I believe is the
terminology for that guy acceleration is
it up to 30 G's lift instance is
approximately two millimeters as eight
buttons now steel series has one of the
best software configuration utilities
that I have ever seen it's right up
there with guys like Logitech I mean
here's the thing this is what a lot of
people don't really seem to get is that
almost everyone in their dog makes a
gaming mouse it's actually not
complicated
I could I could get fine-tuned OEM that
would make a gaming mouse for me it
could be the Linus Mouse guys feel free
to like the video if you think that's a
great idea anyway I could do that but
the part where I'd have trouble is the
software SteelSeries has advanced
software functionality that allows you
to turn on or off things like angle
snapping things like correction for
slight imperfections in your movement
which I turn off because in gaming that
stuff's totally useless if you're trying
to make my neat adjustments to your
mouse as well as things like being able
to adjust the CPI to a fine level of
perfection that's exactly perfect for
your style compared to other software
that's out there so for cheaper or less
sort of reputable peripherals you know
what you're probably losing the value on
the software
that's probably where you're getting the
shaft so it won't happen with the
SteelSeries peripheral in fact you
especially won't see that happen with
something like the call of duty black
ops mouse because as you may or may not
have noticed this is the same mouse as
the sensei look at that it just has a
call of duty black ops graphic on it
it's actually if anything I'd say it's a
little bit better because it has a soft
touch feel to the top of it whereas the
sensei has kind of a hard plastic shiny
feel to it and I find this much more
comfortable this feels a lot like my I
carry laser upstairs on my gaming rig so
if you guys don't know a lot of people
have asked me my favorite mouse ever
ever ever is the iqari laser from steel
series the sensei has not displaced it
because I am right-handed and I do like
that right-handed ergonomic shape but
what a lot of gamers like about steel
series as it is ambidextrous you can use
it left-handed if you want they've even
made it ambidextrous see I've seen
ambidextrous mice that are ambidextrous
in shape but then they only have thumb
buttons on the one side to which I would
go well that's not very ambidextrous at
all because then left-handed players
have no fun buttons but steel series
goes as far with the sensei as to put
two thumb buttons on either side both of
which are completely programmable you
also have a CPI switcher on the top this
guy right here I believe can also be
programmed to do other things although
correct me if I'm wrong on that one guys
but this light turns on and off
depending on which CPI profile you're
using see I can move that you can also
change the lighting here here and on the
back of the mouse which I might as well
plug in and see what it looks like by
default go ahead and plug this bad boy
into the USB port ah looking good so you
can change the color of that illuminated
to there see that's what it looks like
with it off actually that looks really
cool I was very stealthy the way that
they've implemented that so it comes
orange by default and gaming grade laser
ah yes this is another thing pet peeve
for mice and you know what I've seen
even like even fairly reputable guys do
this a mouse sensor is not all about how
many dots per inch or counts per inch or
acceleration or blah blah blah all those
specs in the world mean absolutely
nothing until you actually plug it into
a system and actually run a game on it
honestly I was really excited about the
Logitech g600 super excited I was so
excited I was like this is the perfect
Mouse it's ergonomically shaped it
awesome buttons and stuff and then I
plugged it into my computer and this
feels laggy how am I supposed to use it
I've never encountered that the
SteelSeries mouse whether it's AK in
zoos I sensei I carry laser or I mean
probably this one given this the same
exact same thing as this never
encountered that before so the quality
of the optics they're using in here the
actual lasers and the sensors and the
processors and everything that they're
doing it has always been very consistent
for me so there I enjoy Joyce Oh enjoy
SteelSeries noise thank you for watching
and don't forget to subscribe